We've now seen how to throw a pot onto our Kubernetes cluster.
Now, it turns out that we usually do not create pods in this style.
I know that's kind of annoying to hear.
Given that I just spent a couple of videos telling you about pods and how to work with them.
Don't worry, we do work with pods in all the ways that I just showed you.
So we ran.
We very frequently run all the commands I showed you just a moment ago.
We just don't usually create pods with this style of config file.
Let me give you a little more clarity.
Help you understand what's going on here.
So in the world of Kubernetes, we have pods, and those are intended to run some image or some container
really inside them.
Rather than creating these pods directly, however, we're usually going to create something called
a deployment.
A deployment is a Kubernetes object that is intended to manage a set of pods, so it might be just one
single pod, or it might be ten different pods or even 100 different pods.
Each of these pods are going to be identical in nature.
They will all be running the same configuration, same container inside them.
The deployment has two big jobs assigned to it.
The deployment, first off, is going to make sure that if any pod mysteriously just disappears for
any reason.
In other words, if the pod crashes for any reason whatsoever, then the deployment will automatically
create that pod for us.
Again, the deployment is going to make sure that if we tell it, make sure there are three pods available
running this image.
The deployment is going to say, absolutely, I got it.
I'm going to make sure there are always exactly three pods running that image.
That's the primary job of the deployment.
The deployment is also very useful for another reason as well.
The second reason is that, well, at some point in time you and I are going to decide to update the
code inside of our different containers.
In other words, we might start off with all of our pods running a V, one of some applications we put
together.
But then at some time we might tell the deployment that we want to roll out a new version, maybe v
two.
The deployment is going to take care of this update for us automatically.
Behind the scenes, the deployment is going to create.
Some number of new pods running this new version of our application.
After these pods are up and running successfully, the deployment is then going to start to manage that
set of pods.
So it's going to say, okay, I'm now going to manage these three over here and I'll zoom out just so
you can see this whole diagram in a second.
And the deployment will start to sunset or essentially delete the old pods for us automatically.
So all these are then going to fade away once the new ones are up and running.
And then the diplomat is going to say, okay, fantastic, I've got it.
I've done all this record work.
I've got these three new pods running these updated versions for you.
So we can really think of the deployment as just being a manager.
It manages a set of pods.
That is what it is all about.
Now understanding how to work with a deployment is pretty straightforward.
Again, it really just comes down to writing a config file.
There are very few commands we need to understand around a deployment.
At most, the only thing that we're ever going to do with them is to list out the deployments we have
and then try to inspect their status.
Deployments don't actually run any of our code or anything like that, so we're not really going to
ever have to try to run some command in the context of the deployment or really try to fetch some logs
from it or something like that.
Instead, we really just want to list them out, take a look at their status.
That's pretty much it.
So it really just comes down to understanding how we write a config file for these.
So that in mind, we're going to take a quick pause right here when come back the next video, we're
going to create a deployment by writing a config file and tell it to run our post application inside
of a set of pots.